welcome to my home so over here and
there is two chairs and a carpet and
over here there's just a TV a little bit
of toys so and over here here is like
some stuff like bags and umbrella right
here just some random chairs in case
that's come over and right here is the
oven
um there's some bread cooking and over
here it's my pet cat yeah and up there
and they're just some tea and a tray of
food in case it's guests come over and
in the fridge there's there's there's
some milk and and some snacks like and
like chips whipped cream and a pineapple
oh yeah
and over here is the counter um there's
a little stool right here
so I kept reach and this right here
there's
some dishes and right here there's a pot
of flowers and here's just a little card
here there's just this bathroom and
there's a little towel right here and
over here is like a little mirror so I
could see myself and little C and in
here there's a blow-dryer I'm just gonna
be vaping and right here is like some
like shampoo and conditioner and I just
keep it in there there's a little
balcony so in here there's a notebook
and this is a trunk full of accessories
and over there is an elephant
so what is in here is um a little crown
some hats some dresses and scarves and
colors the last part of the tour my
bedroom so there's a little cute so
there's a cute little bed right here and
some pictures in this and yeah I hope
you enjoyed please like subscribe and
comment